OVERVIEW

Overcrowding represents an urgent need: the hospital needs to better manage volume to ensure patient safety and maintain its market share. Hospitals play a very important role in the delivery of healthcare services. With advances in the field of medicine, hospitals are able to offer a wide variety of health services and in doing so, hospitals depend on modern technology, consume large amount of resources, and have thus become very complex organizations. Hospital management has assumed added significance in the light of increased cost for medical care, ageing population and the potentially declining levels of service, all of which threaten the quality of service delivered. Liberalization of the insurance sector has added a new dimension to the delivery and pricing of healthcare services. Poor quality of service not only wastes resources but is positively dangerous to the health and welfare of the patients and the community at large. Hospital administrators, therefore, need a certain amount of professional management inputs so as to manage hospitals efficiently and effectively. Healthcare organizations need a trusted catalyzer to help them transform how they serve consumers, one that brings new and innovative ideas every day. Healthcare organizations can rely to MALAMU to help them tackle their most pressing challenges by combining deep industry practical knowledge, meaningful insights and broad capabilities.


We have made it possible! 
MALAMU is a service that is provided to civilian patients who seek a more efficient health care delivery system that what which is in current existence. MALAMU is in affiliation with many hospitals around the globe. Through MALAMU online websites and mobile application, patients are able to book medical appointments. This ensures that the patient wastes no time in long queues. The hospital administration is able to able to securely store a users medical records such as diagnosis and medical prescriptions into an electronic database. The centralized, electronic database can be assessed by any medical staff from any MALAMU hospital provided the users ID is inputted into the computer. One advantage of this method of data storage is that, the patient is able to retrieve his medical record and be offered medical treatment in any geographic location. Also, MALAMU seeks to eliminate the inconvenience of data loss and time wastage in retrieving a paper folder. With the introduction of this technology, health outcomes all over the world would see some great improvements.

Design for People with Low Digital Literacy
What will this project accomplish? Why is this project important? Who benefits from this project?

The objectives of the MALAMU are as follow: Collecting all the single health data. Developing interdisciplinary orientations towards management of healthcare. Delivering customized management services to healthcare professionals. Catalyzing the healthcare professionals in practical management and leadership body of knowledge. Familiarizing the healthcare professionals with innovation and entrepreneurship. Sensitizing the healthcare professionals with the global macro policy context. Inculcating comparative framework specifically in relation to healthcare challenges of developing countries.

MALAMU is important to assure an efficient healthcare delivery and to innovate the healthcare services.  
MALAMU is benefit to both, everyone in the world in general, to healthcare professionals particularly.
OUR TEAM

The Vocal Cords



The MALAMU Team (Vocal Cords) works from different places around the globe. The main office is in Accra (Ghana) at Ashesi University, the Tech-direction is base in India. We also take support from Namibia, Swaziland, Rwanda and Republic of Congo.

OUR PARTNERS  




IPC is a management consulting firm that works with leading organizations to implement projects in Africa. We work with clients from across the globe on projects that have direct impact in Africa.  Learn more about our offices in Kigali and Berlin.






KSC is a community platform that brings together two groups of people: the Know & Can Teach (those who have experience and can share their knowledge) group and the Don’t Know & Can Learn (those who are eager to learn, but lack opportunities) group.


